# Sprint 3 planning meeting minutes 2016-03-21

## Present
* Taija
* Damir
* Vesa
* Ville
* Brylie
* Illya

## Assigned tasks and estimations
Damir
* #9 Get a list of issue labels - 5h
* #10 Add labels column to issues view - 3h
* #106 Create view and subscription for single service - 8h
* #107 Add inline editing to single service view -5h
* #15 Set up a sparkline chart - 8h

Brylie
* #104 Create collection related code for services feature - 8h
* #105 Create view and subscription for all organization services -5h
* #6 Add organization members display to organization page -13h
* #116 Study the Wikimedia dashboard - 13h

Illya
* #109 Create view and subscription for service details - 5h
* #108 Create a modal dialog for adding service - 3h
* #16 Add hyperlinks to data pulled from Github - 3h 

Ville
* #57 Allow users to log in via SAML2 identity provider - 8h
* #1 Improvements for restivus-swagger - 8h
* #7 Get number of open and closed issues - 3h
* #92 Feature: Service Changelog -20h
* #110 Define API for services - 3h

Taija
* #115 Translate the available UI texts into Finnish - 2h
